NOTES.md, before:

# Notes

Return an array, where the first element is the count of positives numbers and the second element is sum of negative numbers. 0 is neither positive nor negative.

If the input is an empty array or is null, return an empty array.

Example
For input [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, -11, -12, -13, -14, -15], you should return [10, -65].

# Domains

input = Array with numbers to count and sum
output: if the array sended have any number: array with the count of positives numbers and sum of negative numbers
        else return an empty array

Find the negative numbers and sum them
Find the positive numbers and count them

**Label**  
✅ done 🚧 WIP ❌ ERROR

TODO:

# Pomodoro 1 🍅:
    - Domain search ✅
    - Readme updated ✅
    - Test: 
        - Create: Should return an empty array if the input is null ✅
        - Solve test: Should return a empty array if the input is null ✅

# Pomodoro 2 🍅:
    Test:
        - Create: Should return an empty array if the input is empty ✅
        - Solve test: Should return a empty array if the input is null ✅

         Create: Should return [2] when the input is [1, 1]

Commit message:

doc: Notes updated with new test case and tests cases refactored
Test input from [2] to [2,0]

NOTES.md, after:

# Notes

Return an array, where the first element is the count of positives numbers and the second element is sum of negative numbers. 0 is neither positive nor negative.

If the input is an empty array or is null, return an empty array.

Example
For input [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, -11, -12, -13, -14, -15], you should return [10, -65].

# Domains

input = Array with numbers to count and sum
output: if the array sended have any number: array with the count of positives numbers and sum of negative numbers
        else return an empty array

Find the negative numbers and sum them
Find the positive numbers and count them

**Label**  
✅ done 🚧 WIP ❌ ERROR

TODO:

# Pomodoro 1 🍅:
    - Domain search ✅
    - Readme updated ✅
    - Test: 
        - Create: Should return an empty array if the input is null ✅
        - Solve test: Should return a empty array if the input is null ✅

# Pomodoro 2 🍅:
    Test:
        - Create: Should return an empty array if the input is empty ✅
        - Solve test: Should return a empty array if the input is null ✅

         Create: Should return [2, 0] when the input is [1, 1] ✅
         Solve: Should return [2,0] when the input is [1, 1] ✅

        Refactor: NOTES md test case refactor ✅
        Create: Should return [2, -2] when the input is [1, 1, -1, -1]🚧
